hey everybody welcome to your members
only bonus video segment for Lake Texoma
hopefully you saw the striper fishing
show that we did it was a really cold
day as you can see we're geared up for
it another one of those cold fronts came
through but it certainly didn't hurt the
striper fishing we caught some really
nice fish the thing that impressed me
the most about the fishing that we did
on the lake is how healthy the striper
population is these fish are feeding
viciously on threadfin and gizzard shad
and they are very very fat now let's
show you a quick look at the lake here's
a map and we caught almost all of these
fish in the Oklahoma side of the lake
right where several major creeks come
together and I hope I get the names of
these creeks correct Rock Creek Caney
Creek soldier creek are some of the main
creeks they all merge together right in
this area and we caught most of the fish
out off the red river channel in front
of those three creeks now we caught them
two different ways we were following
birds there were a lot of goals that
were diving at the water off and on
throughout the day that we're pushing
those shed up and the goals we're
picking them off and that gave away the
location of some of the feeding fish and
then we used our sonar our fish finder
to drive around find the big balls of
shed and the stripers were typically
nearby now I believe you can catch these
fish several different ways we caught
them on a soft plastic swim bait you
need a heavy head at least one ounce we
also caught them on a spoon a strike
king sexy spoon that's my first time to
use that spoon and it worked really well
you drop it straight down and reel it up
fast and the stripers will come up and
eat it you do need a heavy gear as we
showed you on the show I used to big
seven and a half foot loose speed stick
tournament SL rod and i love the loose
superduty real that we showed you on the
show it's a big heavy action cranking
real beefy gears big power handle and
deep spool to hold a lot of line there
have been several 20 pound plus stripers
caught this year already at lake texoma
so you could catch a really big one on
cast out on this lake now as we go
forward into the hotter weather months
they're going to come up and start
hitting topwaters early in the morning
so you can tie on a big zero spook type
bait or a big pencil popper type bait a
big chugger anything that makes a lot of
commotion a lot of racket on the surface
will catch those feeding fish but that
usually happens only the first couple of
hours in the morning drive around look
for the big confluence of boats they
call it the texoma boat show and you'll
find where those early feeding top water
fish are I hope you enjoy your upcoming
trip to Lake Texoma it's a great fishery
and the striper population is healthy
and booming it's going to be a great
year at texoma we'll see you on next
week's show